docs: add istio docs (#15733)
coder/coder: docs/tutorials/istio.md

> # Configure Istio Service Mesh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Integrate Coder with Istio
```

Next will use whatever manifest.json tells it to, so the H1 here feels like it's more of just a reference for contributors

> Integrating Istio's service mesh with Coder's Ingress enables powerful traffic management, security, and observability capabilities. By placing Coder's workspace traffic behind Istio's intelligent proxy layer, you can implement access controls, encrypt service-to-service communication, and gain visibility into your workspace network patterns. This guide walks through the process of configuring Istio alongside Coder's existing ingress controller, ensuring that developer workspaces remain accessible while benefiting from Istio's comprehensive service mesh features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use Istio service mesh for your Coder workspace traffic to implement access controls, encrypt service-to-service communication, and gain visibility into your workspace network patterns.

This configures Istio alongside Coder's existing ingress controller, ensuring that developer workspaces remain accessible while benefiting from Istio's comprehensive service mesh features.
```

Reviewer 2: Coder does not have an existing ingress controller in the Kubernetes sense of the word.

Also, we could probably just drop the first sentence and get straight to the point:

```
This guide walks through the required steps to configure the Istio service mesh for use with Coder.
```

> Before proceeding, ensure you have a running Kubernetes cluster with both Coder and Istio installed, and that you have administrative access to configure both systems. Once you have access to your Coder cluster, apply the following manifest:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure you have a running Kubernetes cluster with both Coder and Istio installed, and that you have administrative access to configure both systems.

Once you have access to your Coder cluster, apply the following manifest:
```

Reviewer 2: Istio is theoretically platform-independent but in practice most folks use it with Kubernetes. We can just state this assumption outright.

```yaml

> apiVersion: networking.istio.io/v1alpha3

Reviewer: I wasn't sure about putting an `alpha` version in our docs so I had to hunt a bit to confirm the version - seems old but Istio's docs still refer to it <https://istio.io/latest/docs/reference/config/networking/envoy-filter/>

Reviewer 2: Yep, this is common in Kubernetes-land. I'm not familiar enough with Istio / Envoy to know if there is a different way to accomplish the same task using `networking.istio.io/v1` APIs.
